# Celestial Freezing
Genre – Choose Your Own Adventure
Synopsis – The player is responsible for nuclear devastation on the Earth and is captured by a peacekeeping organization conducting interventions to fix their wrongdoing by restarting nuclear power plants across the nation.
Gameplay- In this completely text-based, story-driven, game, the player will investigate multiple towns with a team of four members to learn as much as they can before infiltrating the nuclear power plant to restart it. With the buddy system, the player has to pick a partner to explore the towns with who can positively or negatively influence conversations based on their personality. Depending on the player’s choices of certain dialogue options, it can influence and unlock conversation routes, trigger new events, dictate the flow of the infiltration mission, and change the game's ending. Each partner has a respect meter consisting of five levels with the player. Depending on how the player interacts with their partners, they can raise or lower the level which can influence events in the game. The more information gathered prior to an infiltration mission, the higher the chance of success there will be meaning team members have a lower chance of getting hurt or dying. If a team member dies during a mission, the story continues without them meaning the player loses out on that branch of the story and ending. The player’s input matters greatly as it guides them through the multiple branching stories that exist.
Developer Goal – To make an all-text-based, story-driven, choose-your-own-adventure-style game with multiple endings that utilize an inventory system, and a shop system, and can remember the choices that the player makes to distinguish what route and ending to follow.

